_publications/2024-range.md, before:

---
title: "RAnGE: Reachability Analysis for Guaranteed Ergodicity"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/range
excerpt: 'This paper derives and implements a controller that guarantees safety and exploration of an area, despite time-varying hazards such as wind or moving obstacles.'
date: 2024-08-01
venue: 'TBD'
# paperurl: ''
# citation: 'Dong DE, Berger HP and Abraham I (2023). Time Optimal Ergodic
# Search. In: <i>Proceedings of Robotics: Science and Systems</i>. Daegu, Republic of Korea.'
---

{:refdef: style="text-align: center;"}
<p>
    <img src="/images/wafr_figure_1.png" alt="Trajectory evolution"><br>
    <!-- <em>Selfie with Spot at Boston Dynamics,<br>where I worked for two summers</em> -->
</p>
{: refdef}

This paper investigates performance guarantees on coverage-based ergodic exploration methods in environments containing disturbances. This is applicable in situations when the exploring robot must contend with time-varying challenges, such as wind or moving obstacles. 
We formulate ergodic exploration as a game between the controller optimizing for ergodicity and an external disturbance, and then we use reachability analysis to find the optimal controller strategy.

Once the paper is published, I will add a link to it.

Commit message:

Update publication info for papers

_publications/2024-range.md, after:

---
title: "RAnGE: Reachability Analysis for Guaranteed Ergodicity"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/range
excerpt: 'This paper derives and implements a controller that guarantees safety and exploration of an area, despite time-varying hazards such as wind or moving obstacles.'
date: 2024-10-07
status: "Accepted for publication"
venue: 'Workshop on the Algorithmic Foundations of Robotics (WAFR)'
# paperurl: ''
# citation: 'Dong DE, Berger HP and Abraham I (2023). Time Optimal Ergodic
# Search. In: <i>Proceedings of Robotics: Science and Systems</i>. Daegu, Republic of Korea.'
---

{:refdef: style="text-align: center;"}
<p>
    <img src="/images/wafr_figure_1.png" alt="Trajectory evolution"><br>
    <!-- <em>Selfie with Spot at Boston Dynamics,<br>where I worked for two summers</em> -->
</p>
{: refdef}

This paper investigates performance guarantees on coverage-based ergodic exploration methods in environments containing disturbances. This is applicable in situations when the exploring robot must contend with time-varying challenges, such as wind or moving obstacles. 
We formulate ergodic exploration as a game between the controller optimizing for ergodicity and an external disturbance, and then we use reachability analysis to find the optimal controller strategy.

Once the paper is published, I will add a link to it.
